johnny knicks winner sergio sanabria
who could white monkey and now we are going to
tell a little how was his scholarship that
congratulations are from all thanks
tell us how your business works
you played good this first
had to know what it was to be the
today and that was the heretic
so I wanted the letters strong
like the zombie
to kill it
is the 24 the evasion
and also always wanted the two to
break your hand to make your beginnings
unstable
then let's try the world but
so I like the white monkey a lot
because that makes it very slow
then it is something different with 31 the
changes
3 dragons basically obviously this
letter was the first letters that I
calls attention for its gameplay
after 3 or 5 and that
well the rest you do not know which one
like wine but the world talks about the
oars to get rid of them
Benefits that are comfortable
were the four parts also in the
work
singing the jar are not right now
hour of some cards to play 4
because counting less 3 - 3
how often do you comment very strongly that
We ask for them because
begins to reproduce or suddenly of
aggressive start with the rat but
well it 's basically 20 and the drink
this as you will see what I do not have in mind
because if we say the juice
for example mount the heretic the bugs
of everything from cost attack a Somali
I put the two of them to vote for them
deadly vices to kill the bus
because cultural of those of chrome do
in the face of anger we have a lot of human
against December control or that
have many mayors
terrific just an early end to
won the pp you're going to go the tour and the most
important is that you just want it
shortly after going to the wood prix
buenos aires I already have the 100 the vice
luckily you gain a thousand points and let's hope
that have 23
I think for the look in Buenos Aires
that seems a good option better is
I live only out there aside
adaptations because the goal changes every
week depending on what it is to get to
13 days and then the changes
great good some final words
acknowledgments at the end of knowing what
expectations
my friends from the rs plan
and now last, I was not
suffocating in politics of life
got together